[tensile] Update install docs (#6889)
ROCm/rocm-libraries: shared/tensile/docs/src/install/installation.rst

Install Tensile from source
============================

First, fetch Tensile standalone with git sparse checkout to avoid cloning all of rocm-libraries.

.. code-block:: bash
   git clone --no-checkout --filter=blob:none https://github.com/ROCm/rocm-libraries.git
   cd rocm-libraries
   git sparse-checkout init --cone
   git sparse-checkout set shared/tensile
   git checkout develop # or the branch you are starting from
   cd shared/tensile

Then, install Tensile from source in a virtual environment:

.. code-block:: bash

  python3 -m venv .venv
  source .venv/bin/activate
  pip3 install .

> You can now run Tensile's Python applications (``Tensile``, ``TensileCreateLibrary``, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can now run Tensile's Python applications, such as ``Tensile``, ``TensileCreateLibrary``, and others.
```
